
##

FullStack 23521- Lun y Mie de 18 a 19.30
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkT9FyDq8BI2hiMlm5-30aSnjvdEZ33ha

Clases Codo a Codo - Full stack Python 2020
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUF4RD7fNoTeWiqfuirkJ7adVtDiaQaGw


2022 - 1C - Codo a Codo 4.0 - Full Stack Python
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfJzREI8xYKt0xLEqurJe43NmSLnHPcKC

Codo a Codo Full Stack Python 23542
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3jC5zn-KQJYAZzNyzN1P2vmizuhVJtY3

-----------------------------

From https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7021077877555118080/

- Vamos con un cl√°sico repositorio de GitHub con decenas de tutoriales para diferentes lenguajes. Hay tantos links que parece una Nintendo. ¬øLo pillas? Tremendo festival del humor.

‚û°Ô∏è https://lnkd.in/grwwWUfK

- ¬øTienes 50 d√≠as y no sabes qu√© hacer con ellos? Bueno, podr√≠as optar por ser feliz, o por hacer proyectos. La decisi√≥n es tuya. üóìÔ∏è

‚û°Ô∏è https://lnkd.in/eB3QSehs

- Cabr√≠a esperar que el repositorio de Florinpop17 estuviese lleno de letras Gospel proclamando la gloria de DOS. Pero no, est√° lleno de cosas bastante √∫tiles. √âchale un ojo. üëºüèº

‚û°Ô∏è https://lnkd.in/guieBe8

- Retos reales para entrevistas de trabajo reales. Correcto, las pesadillas tambi√©n se cumplen. üí§

‚û°Ô∏è https://lnkd.in/dZAFgsYA

--
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7091617313132576768/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop


üåê The future is here, and it's all about high-speed connectivity and seamless communication. FTTH (Fiber to the Home) has become the driving force behind the digital revolution, empowering individuals, businesses, and communities to thrive in the fast-paced digital world. Let's dive into the incredible impact of FTTH and how it's reshaping the way we connect and communicate! üí°

üè° #ConnectivityAtHome üè¢ #ConnectivityAtWork üèôÔ∏è #ConnectivityEverywhere

üöÄ Lightning-Fast Speeds: FTTH brings blazing-fast internet speeds directly to your home or office, unlocking a world of endless possibilities. From smooth video conferencing to lag-free gaming and instant file transfers, FTTH enhances productivity and entertainment like never before.

#HighSpeedInternet #LagFreeGaming #SeamlessVideoConferencing #ProductivityBoost

üåê Enabling Smart Cities: FTTH is the backbone of smart cities, enabling real-time data transmission and supporting innovative technologies like IoT (Internet of Things) and AI (Artificial Intelligence). It paves the way for smart traffic management, efficient energy usage, and enhanced public services, creating a sustainable and connected urban environment.

#SmartCities #IoTInnovation #AIAdvancements #SustainableUrbanLiving

üè´ Revolutionizing Education: FTTH is revolutionizing the education landscape, bridging the digital divide and providing students with access to a wealth of online resources. It fosters remote learning, e-learning platforms, and virtual classrooms, transforming the way knowledge is acquired and shared.

#eLearningPlatforms #VirtualClassrooms #DigitalLearningResources #EducationForAll

üíº Empowering Businesses: FTTH is a game-changer for businesses of all sizes. It enables seamless cloud-based operations, remote collaboration, and efficient data transfer, fostering growth and innovation in the corporate world.

#CloudBasedOperations #RemoteCollaboration #DataDrivenDecisions #BusinessGrowth

üåè Connecting the Unconnected: FTTH extends its benefits to remote and underserved areas, connecting people to the global digital landscape. Bridging the digital divide, FTTH empowers communities to access opportunities, education, healthcare, and government services.

#BridgingTheDigitalDivide #ConnectivityForAll #EmpoweringCommunities

üöÄ Embrace the FTTH Revolution: Are you ready to embrace the power of FTTH? Join the digital revolution and unlock a world of possibilities with high-speed, reliable, and future-proof fiber connectivity! Let's connect and explore how FTTH can transform your digital journey! üåêüí¨

#DigitalRevolution #FutureOfConnectivity #FTTHAdvantages #ExploreThePossibilities

---------------------

Todas las universidades + GM Technologies nuevamente (1000 c/u)

Universidad Excel - B√°sico, Intermedio y Avanzado!
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-excel-microsoft-tablas-dinamicas-dashboard-macros-vba/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad Angular - De Cero a Experto en Angular!
https://www.udemy.com/course/angular-de-cero-a-experto-angular-2-framework-javascript-html-css/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad Spring - Spring Framework y Spring Boot!
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-spring-framework-springboot-java-security-rest-webservices/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad HTML - Aprende HTML desde Cero hasta Experto
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-html-aprende-html-desde-cero-hasta-experto-css-html5/?couponCode=GM-AG0-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad CSS - Aprende CSS desde Cero hasta Experto!
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-css-aprende-css-desde-cero-flexbox-responsive-web-desing/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad C - Aprende el Lenguaje C desde Cero!
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-c-aprende-el-lenguaje-c-para-principiantes-desde-cero/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad Python con Frameworks Django, Flask, etc. +71hrs
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-python-desde-cero-hasta-experto-django-flask-rest-web/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad de L√≥gica de Programaci√≥n - Aprende 7 Lenguajes!
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-de-logica-de-programacion-python-java-javascript-c-pseint/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad de Programaci√≥n - Python, Java y JavaScript
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-de-programacion-python-java-javascript-fundamentos/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad Desarrollo Web - FrontEnd Web Developer!
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-desarrollo-web-moderno-html-css-javascript-html5-css3/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad JavaScript - De Cero a Experto JavaScript!
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-javascript-angular-react-vue-typescript-html-css-bootstrap/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Universidad Java - De Cero a Experto - M√°s Completo +106 hrs 
https://www.udemy.com/course/universidad-java-especialista-en-java-desde-cero-a-master/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
React y Spring Boot : Crea tu primera App Full Stack
https://www.udemy.com/course/react-y-spring-boot-java-crea-tu-primera-app-full-stack-web-hooks/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Angular y Spring Boot : Crea tu primera App Full Stack
https://www.udemy.com/course/angular-y-spring-boot-java-crea-tu-primera-app-web-full-stack/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
JavaFx, Swing, y Spring Boot - Crea tu primera GUI con Java
https://www.udemy.com/course/javafx-swing-spring-boot-java-mysql-crea-primera-aplicacion-escritorio/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
PrimeFaces y Spring Boot : Crea tu primera App Web con Java
https://www.udemy.com/course/primefaces-jsf-spring-boot-crea-tu-primera-app-web-con-java-mysql/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Java en 13 D√≠as con Aplicaciones del Mundo Real
https://www.udemy.com/course/aprende-java-en-13-dias-con-aplicaciones-del-mundo-real-spring/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Academia Java - De Cero a Experto Java con Ejercicios!
https://www.udemy.com/course/academia-java-experto-en-java-spring-hibernate-primefaces/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Academia Python - De Cero a Experto en Python con Ejercicios 
https://www.udemy.com/course/academia-python-de-cero-a-experto-django-flask-pycharm-tkinter-pyside/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Academia JavaScript - De Cero a Experto en JavaScript
https://www.udemy.com/course/academia-javascript-de-cero-a-experto-html-css-es6-ecmascript/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Academia Web - Domina HTML, CSS y JavaScript desde Cero.
https://www.udemy.com/course/academia-web-domina-html-css-y-javascript-desde-cero-bootstrap-vscode/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Academia Excel - Aprende Excel de Cero a Experto
https://www.udemy.com/course/academia-excel-aprende-de-cero-a-experto-vba-macros-funciones-formulas/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532
Aprende PSeInt y Mejora tu L√≥gica de Programaci√≥n desde Cero https://www.udemy.com/course/aprende-pseint-y-mejora-tu-logica-de-programacion-desde-cero/?couponCode=GM-AGO-23

***Los 3 comunicados del grupo, sobre los cupones duraci√≥n, porque los crean, etc
https://www.facebook.com/groups/855692978407532/announcements